Thank you so much for your very kind words. My warmest greetings to the people
of my beloved Wales and a special hello to the miners of South Wales at this
great festival. It is a great privilege to be participating in this historic
festival and all the best to you as we strive toward a world where we all can
live abundant, peaceful and dignified lives. I'm going to begin with one of my
own songs, Didn't My Lord Deliver Daniel, bringing freedom to our people, another
one of my people, this little light of mine, and all through the night in a
Beethoven melody and a Schubert melody. I shall be singing to you and I have a
very distinguished American pianist, colleague of mine, also an American
Negro at the piano, Mr. Alan Booth. One day we may see you in Wales.